hello everyone with you lexa this plays about
how to start and track who before
how to start playing you need to first
get one from us your steam account
for this you need to find someone
Good I will give it to you if you
old man to sell what does not listen to his goal
consistently give a couple of pieces that almost
every two or three months then
there is just an example for my
half a year about 8 games have accumulated
considering that there are no few, I also gave
as soon as you get a dota download and and
run
and almost forgot to say before the first
launch advise you to enable the console
the wire click on dota
properties
know the startup options write cheese
console cheese but the console view includes
console game on the type of battery start up
automatically start movie when you
go to the game the first time you will be asked
indicate your game level
I have an idea that will change but I
pointed among after then go to
settings tab control set
hotkeys for abilities hot
keys and bloopers
it is also possible to turn on the keys
of 1 top game you need to turn off in
I gave you an auto attack very much and you
enable double tap 3 past heroes
tab in the form but the most important thing is that
need to do this by lining advance and
put the quality of processing on a hundred
percentage without this someone will
refuse any there or further if
you have never played someone to you
you need to go grab training and
watch our hero 1 is divided into
criticism of strongmen uzkachi
and mother thanks are n't broke
that sinners and
raid 6 distance password and they are divided into
and that is, the heroes who swing here
part of the game do i need for items and scaring
risk of killing large
part of the enemy designer team is who
holds an enemy team or several
man will become your numerator
wayne support is some kind of nurse
which allows your carry to swing
and the opponent initiates from him
stop what if
gangs first explodes to push
cities jungler the one who started
games can successfully say weight
supports are heroes who help
my team buying years courier that
or and also they should leave
enemies ie killing and creeps for
other heroes
der ball hero tanks that will help
run out a large number of youtube lock
heroes who use their
abilities put
A large number of magic game kuru
by mail with effective only at the beginning
take your ears that can eat
less you passion tower and also waves
creeps
escape is heroes who works
ability to escape from the enemy
commands i.e. such as teleportation
or reps also exists
many other types of heroes for example
roamers that are worth reaching
certain level
don't stand on the lines of their creeps beat and
engaged in the fact that purposefully gun
blowing the enemy team before
to start playing
by the way on the top bar to pick everyone
wants all the abilities of the internet which
usually collected heroes pilot whenever
have already learned by color the same time and
your 1 to 1 game is better to play against
bots
they are against real dyeers so
as a community to newbies from
the pump is extremely bad
you will not get much pleasure from
your first cross she most likely you her
lost
then to play the servants necessary
private games and
you someone is fetal and then choose
any place you like
put on yourself
medium flow
and take yourself to put
as
delivery then put all the settings
plot position select group
because
Another game is likely to have revered
how to save settings
the game begins